hi guys is week review time so the way
that be reviewing today is Isis week and
the name of it is
Rihanna rock and this is the way Rihanna
looks and I got it in the color 1b um
now before I put the wig on I will tell
you that this week has a small cap so if
you have a big head or a lot of hair
you're gonna have a challenge with this
week this week has no combs oh just the
drawstrings in the back so put it on I
got this week in the very last looks and
it is still tight my hair is braided and
yeah so let's see how this works
he does have the key tabs on the side I
won't do too much to this week just
because since I do have a fat head I'm
probably going to give this week to my
sister who has a smaller head and this
hair than me but um if I was going to
wear hair I will brush these curls on
the side and a back out excuse me so
this week is about Marissa length in the
front and it's about bra strap needs in
the back I really like this week
actually any pic this way you got for me
but I don't think neither one of us
really realized how big my head was I
knew I had a lot of hair but um a lot a
lot of my shorter wigs I still can pull
off when my hair is braided but this one
is a little bit harder to pull off as
you can see on the sides like the model
is the hair actually comes a bit more in
the face and mine is barely covering the
sideburns so that's just a warning but
yeah this is what the week looks like
I'll give you a 360 and this is the isis
week in Rihanna I will put some links to
some websites to have Rihanna below for
the most part I think online this week
really is going for about thirty four
ninety nine but like I said I'll link
you below and if you like this week I'm
go take it out um my big hair sisters
y'all gonna have to work like I said um
maybe if I
if I could get my mother to cornrow my
hair in a circle it would work but yeah
like I said it's working it's barely
working right now but it's not the way I
would want to rock it so yeah guys this
is it I don't want to rumble anymore I
might on take some pictures in Italy I
really like it um see you next time in
the next video I'll talk to you guys
later